so Phil Spencer the head of Xbox has
admitted that Kinect may not ever be the
device that makes your entertainment
experience any better when it comes to
the Xbox one which of course is a
totally different story than what we
heard at the launch of the system when
Microsoft stated that you couldn't even
separate the two and then it was an
integral part of the whole package but
before I get into the full statement of
what he said I do want to point out as
you probably already know you are
watching some Witcher 3 gameplay and I
do want to give a shout-out to one of my
subs who reached out and actually hooked
me up with this code for the game
his name's Dale 417 and I hope I'm
saying that right he didn't even want
any shoutouts or anything but I'm gonna
leave his Twitter in the description box
so you can at least go check him out and
thank him for the game play if you want
to so appreciate you Dale for hooking me
up with this so here's the full
statement from Kinect from Phil Spencer
he was asked what were his thoughts on
Kinect and has it been abandoned he said
it's not abandoned we just developed
upload studio 2.0 which has green
screening that you can do with Kinect
will continue to build functionality to
make it a valuable part of the ecosystem
that said price points really important
for the console we saw that over the
holidays in the UK and the US where we
did well when we drop the price which
was great and I want to make sure
consumers have a choice on how much
value they think the functionality of
Kinect has when they buy a console if
you want to go buy a Kinect console
they're still available I think it's a
great part of the ecosystem and if you
want just a console and either add a
Kinect later or Kinect simply not
something you're interested in you've
got that choice as well the teams
continue to look at ways Kinect can make
the entertainment experience better I'd
say that area hasn't really landed and I
don't know that it will is Kinect an
integral part to the core gaming
scenarios on our consoles in terms to
minute-to-minute gameplay there are John
Rizzo
we're connect works really well but if
you're playing Halo or Call of Duty
there's not really a scenario that says
hey I need to connect there's a lot of
excitement and there are still
announcements to come about what people
are doing with it but connects place
will be earned through the experience
that's out there and developers that
show interest we will continue to build
functionality through voice and using
the our gb and depth cameras and we'll
stay focus on that but giving the
consumers a choice is pretty critical so
I mean that's that's definitely a big
change you know from what we were
hearing about the heads that were in
charge back during the reveal and sales
did seem to pick up you know when they
finally dropped it which of course also
drops the price and I don't think it's
going to stop being supported but I am
glad that they're not trying to force
devs to make use of it like they seem to
be doing kind of early on it was like
they wanted you know everybody to kind
of roll in these Kinect features and so
I don't want anybody to force it but at
the same time I'm surprised that and I
mean this really goes for both the ps4
and Xbox because they both have cameras
but I'm surprised that more devs aren't
allowing you to do things like at least
scan your body or your face and and put
it into the game I mean they were doing
that back in the old days of like
Rainbow six you know you could take a
camera and do that like on the Xbox 360
and and I think pretty much all the
other platforms but maybe it has
something to do with you know people
scanning in objects that you know aren't
their face of course because I'm sure
you're gonna have plenty of that but I
figured that would be like one of the
most useful game applications you could
use it for and maybe there's more out
there but I think and I think a
basketball game I forget which one that
it is is really the only one that I've
really heard about doing it where you
can take your your face and really scan
it in you know Kinect is one of those
devices where there's a sizable crowd
that can find a use for it they like the
voice features they maybe like the hand
controls which I've never found really
any use for but you also see a lot of
people using it for you know their
uploading and streaming and things like
that
but it's also advice that we knew early
on didn't have to be with the Xbox I did
a video before they announced that they
were dropping it saying exactly that
saying that you know it should be
dropped and given an option to people
because there's a lot of things you just
don't need it for most games you don't
so it should have really been optional
from the very beginning and I think it's
one of those decisions along with the
reveal that just helped give Xbox a slow
start out of the gate you know it held
them back then along with the reveal and
and then making sure that you had to buy
a system that had this camera in and
when a lot of people didn't want it they
didn't care for it you know that held
him back so they are definitely learning
from their mistakes and you're
definitely hearing a different tune now
that some heads have rolled and some new
people are in charge so if you want to
read the full interview links down in
the description box they talked about
more than just connect so you can go
check that out that does for me the red
dragon I'll see you next time thanks for
watching